updated docs (#1381)
rug-cit-hpc/league-of-robots: roles/online_docs/templates/mkdocs/docs/generate-key-pair-mobaxterm.md

 * 10: Select and copy all the text in the text box at the top of the window underneath **Public key for pasting into OpenSSH authorized_keys file**.
       You can paste it in the email you'll send in the next step.

## Request account and have the public key linked to your account

To request an account, [contact the helpdesk via email](../contact/) and
{% if 'gearshift' in slurm_cluster_name or 'nibbler' in slurm_cluster_name or 'talos' in slurm_cluster_name or 'vaxtron' in slurm_cluster_name %}
 * Make sure you have read the [Code of Conduct](../coc_umcg_research_clusters/) and tell us you agree with it using this email
{% endif %}
 * Paste the contents of the public key as displayed in MobaKeyGen's *Public key for pasting into OpenSSH authorized_keys file* field in the email.
 * Please motivate your account request and
     * For **guest** accounts to access only a data transfer machine associated with the cluster:
         * Specify the project your are working on and add your collaborators on CC.
     * For **regular** accounts to access the cluster:

>          Copy the template mail below and fill all the fields (the yes/no field should have yes OR no).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         **Copy the template mail below and fill all the fields** (the yes/no field should have yes OR no).
```

         If everything is filled, please send it back to the HPC helpdesk and request access of the group owners (preferably in the same email by cc'ing (all) the group owner(s).<br>

>          NOTE:<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         **Important note**:<br>
```

          **[1] Make sure you include all group owners in the CC of the request - it will be approved only after the group owners approve access to their own group(s)**<br>
          **[2] All of the fields are mandatory for the account creation, failing to provide any of them will result in account not being created**<br>
          **[3] End date is valid if it is requested/confirmed by group owner (or department's secretary by sending email directly to the hpc.helpdesk@umcg.nl**<br>

>           **[4] Code Of Conduct (COC) is available at the https://docs.gcc.rug.nl/nibbler/coc_umcg_research_clusters/**<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - Make sure you include all group owners in the CC of the request - it will be approved only after the group owners approve access to their own group(s)<br>
          - All of the fields are mandatory for the account creation, failing to provide any of them will result in account not being created<br>
          - End date is valid if it is requested/confirmed by group owner (or department's secretary by sending email directly to the hpc.helpdesk@umcg.nl<br>
          - Code Of Conduct (COC) is available at the https://docs.gcc.rug.nl/nibbler/coc_umcg_research_clusters/<br>
```

          template email:
---

>           Dear groupowner/helpdesk,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Dear groupowner and helpdesk,
```

>           I want to have access to the cluster, below is all the information needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          I would like to request an access account to the cluster.
```

          @the groupowners can you approve my access to your group by replying to this email.
          | Term:                 | Information|
          |-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
          | First Name            |          |
          | Last Name     | |
          | Email address     | |
          | Public key    | |
          | End date contract   | |
          | Groups to access     | |
          | Read and understand the UMCG HPC Code of Conduct | yes/no |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Term:                 | Information|
|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| First Name            |          |
| Last Name     | |
| Email address     | |
| Public key    | |
| End date contract   | |
| Groups to access     | |
| I have read, understood and I agree to the UMCG HPC Code of Conduct | yes/no |

```

          Best,

>           NAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          [NAME]
```
